# $$\mathcal{\textcolor{green}{IT314-Software-Engineering-Lab-1}}$$

#### Name : Virat Chaudhari
#### ID : 202001240
#### Date : 03-02-2023

----
## Objective:
    Identifying Functional and Non-Functional Requirements
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#functional-requirements">Functional Requirements</a>
      </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#non-functional-requirements">Non-Functional Requirements</a>
      </li>
  </ol>
</details>



----
## 1. Identify FRs and NFRs
### Functional Requirements
 
    1. A web Application that uses HTML 5 technology. 

    2. A database is required in backend of the application to store information and details of each book. A database is also required to store information and details about users like their password, username, borrowing history, etc.

    3. Application must have a login feature which allows login of only members and does not allow login of non-members. This login feature should also have a option of login as administrator and login as library staff.

    4. Application must allow all users including non-members to browse and search through all the books.

    5. Application must allow all members to borrow or return a book. Application must not allow non-members to borrow or return a book.

    6. Application must have a feature to display status of a book like available, not available, booked, etc. 

    7. Application should also have a feature that allows booking of a book while some other member has already borrowed that particular book.

    8. Application must have a feature that allows a member to extend his date of borrowing, if there is no other booking of that book.

    9. Application must have a feature that allows library staff to handle day-to-day transactions easily.

    10. Application must provide admistrative priviledges to the librarian. These previledges allow administrator to have complete control over the system. Admistrator can enter records of newly purchased books and delete records of books that are no longer available for booking.

    11. Confidential information like passwords of users must not be stored in plain text. It must have some encryption.

    
### Non Functional Requirements
    
    1. Authentication - The user login must be authorised and validated by the system before returning the book.

    2. Scalability - The system must be able to accommodate a large number of users because it will be used by both employees and researchers.

    3. Reliability
        - The database must be kept current so that it doesn't show a book as available when it isn't (borrowed but not returned) or show a book as marked as borrowed by a user when that user already has the book
        - This will ensure that the user can only borrow books that are currently available and that they can only be returned if they had borrowed it.


    4. Maintainability 
        - The web application should have the capability of modifications and updates so that the technology used does not get outdated too quickly
        - It can be easily updated even if the developer team of the website changes after the deployment of final product
    
    5. Compatibility - The website should be simple to visit with any fundamental web browser that supports HTML5, as well as being able to function on a mobile device.

    6. Usability - The website's user interface (UI) needs to be straightforward but elegant so that any sort of user may simply search for books and carry out other tasks without any specific training. Voice assistant and language selection options can aid in barrier-free access.

    7. Accuracy - Data regarding the books and the assessed fines must be recorded accurately, consistently, and reliably.

    8. User credentials should never be disclosed in a data breach since privacy is at risk.

----
## 2. Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the following problem.

### 1. Scope
    -The target market for the application will be the 5% of persons with hearing loss in the world.
    -These people would be the app's target audience as they are the ones for whom it is being developed.
    -reducing the program's latency as much as feasible so that real-time applications can use it.
    
### 2. Features
    - Low latency allows for real-time use.
    - Notifies the user of arriving noises - Properly logs the recorded audio in understandable format
    - When the app detects the sounds of a critical scenario, it should notify the users.
    - Alert friends and family if a critical emergency is identified and the user doesn't respond.
    - The application must also execute in the background.

### 3. Non-Functional aspects
    - The app needs to vibrate to notify the user.
    - The app should be able to suggest the lanes with the least amount of traffic when you're travelling.
    - Through the app, users should be able to notify friends and family of their present location in case of an emergency.
    - Users should be able to add additional noises, and the app must be able to recognise the user from those sounds.
    - The app's latency should be no more than two seconds.
    
----
